#### September 30, 2016
This version of the DATA Act Broker contains everything agencies need to test the data validation and submission process.

In this version of the Broker, we have improved the cross-file validation experience, implemented all the current validation rules, reorganized the Help section, including new pages for Resources and Validation Rules.

  - [Cross-File Validation Improvements](#/help?section=crossFileImp)
  - [Validation Rules Implemented](#/help?section=validationRulesStatus)
  - [New Help](#/help?section=newHelp)
  - [Browser Requirements & Known Issues](#/help?section=browser)
  - [Accessibility Statement](#/help?section=accessibilityStatement)

#### Cross-File Validation Improvements{section=crossFileImp}

When running cross-file validations, you will see the file pairs for the C - D1 validations, you will see the the validation warnings, and you will be able to upload corrected files for one pair of validations without having to correct all files. You will also be able to download the the files generated by the Broker.

#### Validation Rules Implemented{section=validationRulesStatus}

All the current validation rules for Files A, B, and C, plus the cross-file validations have been implemented.  For more details, see the [Validation Rules](/#/validations) page.

#### New Help{section=newHelp}

This Help section of the Broker has been reorganized. The main page only includes the latest release notes. The prior release notes are on the [Release Notes Archive](/#/history) page.

The new [Resources - DAIMS](/#/resources) page includes all the information from the old Resources section and has been expanded to include a web page of the [Practices and Procedures](/#/practices). Some content from other websites was moved from other websites. Some Resources content has been updated, including the Domain Values and the Long Element Name to Short Element Name Crosswalk.  

The [Validation Rules](/#/validations) page contains not only the most current information on the rules status, but also a severity column that indicates whether a rule generates a warning or a fatal error.

#### Browser Requirements & Known Issues{section=browser}
The Broker is currently tested with the following browsers:

* Internet Explorer version 10 and higher
* Firefox (current version)
* Chrome (current version)
* Safari (current version)

Although you may use any browser/version combination you wish, we cannot support browsers and versions other than the ones stated above.

Known Issues

* The Broker will not work when using Internet Explorer under medium privacy settings or high security settings.

#### Accessibility Statement{section=accessibilityStatement}

**Commitment and Guidelines**

The DATA Act implementation team is committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability. To meet this commitment we develop this website to conform to the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG/). These guidelines explain how to make websites more accessible to people with disabilities, and we believe they also make our website easier for everyone to use.
The [Accessible Rich Internet Applications Suite (WAI-ARIA)](https://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/aria) addresses accessibility challenges by defining new ways to provide functionality with assistive technology. With WAI-ARIA, developers are able to provide usable and accessible advanced Web applications to people with disabilities. Alpha-broker.usaspending.gov also uses The Voluntary Product Accessibility Template® (VPAT®) to document adherence with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act accessibility standards.

We know our website changes regularly so we’re always looking for ways to improve. If there is information you think should be included on this page, or if you experience any difficulty accessing this site, please contact us at [DATABroker@fiscal.treasury.gov](mailto:DATABroker@fiscal.treasury.gov) for assistance.

**Documents**

The documents offered within Alpha-broker.usaspending.gov use multiple file formats. Below is a list that will help you identify which software downloads are needed to view different file extensions. If you require a file format other than those currently provided or experience accessibility issues, please contact us at [DATABroker@fiscal.treasury.gov] (mailto:DATABroker@fiscal.treasury.gov) for assistance.

**Document Files**

*  Windows Operating System .TXT files can be viewed on any Windows-based document reader.
* [Adobe Reader](https://get.adobe.com/reader/) (.pdf) For viewing and printing PDF documents.
* [Microsoft Word Viewer](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=4) (.doc, .docx) For viewing, printing, and copying Word documents without having Microsoft Word installed. It replaces Word Viewer 2003 and previous versions.
* [Microsoft Excel Viewer](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=10) (.xls, .xlsx) For viewing and printing Excel workbooks without having Microsoft Excel installed. It replaces Excel Viewer 97 and previous versions.
* [Microsoft PowerPoint Viewer](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=6) (.ppt, .pptx) For viewing full-featured presentations created in PowerPoint 97 and later versions.
